Docs: add env setup before db commands (#133)
fastify/demo: README.md

npm install
```

### Environment variables

Create a `.env` file based on `.env.example` and update values as needed.

> Make sure `COOKIE_SECRET` is set to a 32-byte secret (64 hex chars) in your `.env`. You can generate a random secret with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure `COOKIE_SECRET` is set to a secret with at least 32 characters.
You can generate a random secret with:
```

Author: I’ve pushed a new commit to update the README as you suggested
